in a quieter corner of marriages mill
they still produce what I call proper
flour ground the traditional way between
two old stones
jesse has been working as a millwright
in East Anglia ever since he was a lad
the grooves in the stones which cut the
grain need cleaning every so often and
this is known as dressing I fixed it
these two pair of metal stones though
they don't grow old male up here I dress
these each pairs back boys a year these
cracks in here a pudding you said about
12 for the inch which is quite
sufficient for grinding week Wow this
cuts up the husk a bit more a little
more junkie now that's what the public
want looking oh my all bray a day like
that your weight is faded than they are
here the top stone falls in here and you
can say of course that accumulate but
when the stone is running
the the furrows in the other snow
pick up the weight of this stove and
prick it along and break it on this
front age so that you get a gradual
break in what process it's cracked round
they sent up the re it's reduced path
around the chest and finally finished at
the skirt
the Vasto is natural so foreign and it's
quarried in a Paris Basin on a recent
years France will no longer export
Barstow again a pair of French burstows
is going to be the next thing to
impossible those days or five days away
customer millstones ill all the while
grinding to old mail knocking out about
four sacks of power it's really not such
an involved job you say rola melon is so
involved so technically if you like but
this side of the business for brightness
are the stones never actually touch and
whilst they're running they're encased
in this wooden frame
and here it is 100% stone ground whole
wheat flour nothing taken away and
nothing added this will give the bread
not only the full flavor of the whole
wheat grain but as Jesse said a loaf
with some bite
you